---
layout: post
title: This Blog Is Powered By Jekyll
category: technical
metadesc: "Blog item by Corin Cole, looking at the software that makes the site so fast. Date Posted: 18/05/2010."
metakeywords: "Corin Cole, blog, ruby, linux, Jekyll, liquid, pygments, server, software"
---

h1. {{ page.title }}

p(meta). 18 May 2010 - Oxford, UK

Rather than opting for one of the ever-popular database-driven blog systems, such as wordpress, I'm actually using "Jekyll":http://github.com/mojombo/jekyll, which is a static site generator coded in "Ruby":http://www.ruby-lang.org/en/.

What that means is that the page you are currently reading really is a .html page, not a server-processed page with URL rewriting enabled. No database queries means low CPU usage on my server, and fast loading times for readers.

Of course, that also means no wordpress-style comments system. I could, if I wanted, code a little comments system using AJAX ("Cadred.org":http://www.cadred.org gets 25,000 user comments a week with an AJAX comments system, after all), but I don't particularly want a comments section on this site. If you have any feedback you can tweet about it ("@Corincole":http://twitter.com/CorinCole), you can "email me":mailto:corin.c.cole@gmail.com, or you can write your own blog on the subject and send me a link to it.

The template system it uses ("Liquid":http://github.com/tobi/liquid) is also pretty nice, and I've taken a snippet of the code used to generate my "RSS Feed":/atom.xml below to demonstrate it a little:

(The syntax-highlighting, incidentally, is generated by "Pygments":http://pygments.org/, coded in Python)

{% highlight xml %}
 { % for post in site.posts limit: 15 % }
 <entry>
   <title>{ { post.title } }</title>
   <link href="http://www.corincole.com{ { post.url } }"/>
   <updated>{ { post.date | date_to_xmlschema } }</updated>
   <id>http://www.corincole.com{ { post.id } }</id>
   <content type="html">{ { post.content | xml_escape } }</content>
 </entry>
 { % endfor % }
{% endhighlight %}

All in all a pretty nice setup I think, although certainly not one designed for the majority of blog users (a bit more complex to setup than your typical PHP CMS installation).

Aside from Jekyll, this site is running on an Ubuntu 10.04 LTS server, with Apache/2.2.14, Ruby 1.8.7, RubyGems 1.3.7, and various other software not directly related to this site. 

PHP, MySQL and RoR are also running for other sites on the same box, and I'm contemplating replacing apache with cherokee.

At some point I'll install wordpress and skin it to look exactly like this site, then do some speed tests and post the results, should be interesting. (I'll also post any speed differences if I move over to Cherokee.)

<script src="http://ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/jquery/1.3/jquery.min.js" type="text/javascript"></script>
<script src="/js/jquery.ba-replacetext.min.js" type="text/javascript"></script>
<script type="text/javascript">
$("body *").replaceText( /{ {/gi, "\{\{" );
$("body *").replaceText( /} }/gi, "}}" );
$("body *").replaceText( /{ %/gi, "\{\%" );
$("body *").replaceText( /% }/gi, "%}" );
</script>
